Add git installation instructions (#7)
ministryofjustice/fb-guide-and-runbook: guides/install-console-application.md

---
category: Using Form Builder
expires: 2020-09-30
---

# Installing Git

Git is a dependency of the Editor. Below is shown two ways to install Git.

## Option 1: XCode

Apple ships a binary package of Git with XCode.

Open your terminal app (Command + Space then type Terminal + Enter)
Type the following:

    ```
      xcode-select --install
    ```

Select "Yes" to install Git and wait until it finishes.

## Option 2: Binary installer

Tim Harper provides an installer for Git.
You can download [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/git-osx-installer/).
After download, open the *.dmg file and double click the *.pkg file
and follow the instructions.

# Install Git for Desktop

After Git installation above is complete, we recommend to use Git for Desktop.

> Fortunately, Git for Desktop is available for MoJ staff via Self serve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortunately, Git for Desktop is available for MoJ staff via the Self Service app.
```

category: Using Form Builder

> expires: 2020-03-31

Reviewer: can we bump this to the future

Author: Done! I bump to September.

---

# Installing Git

> Git is a dependency of the Editor. Below I show two ways to install Git.

Reviewer 2: Below is shown two ways to install Git.

Author: Thank you! Done ♻️

## Option 1: XCode

Apple ships a binary package of Git with XCode.

Open your terminal app (Command + Space then type Terminal + Enter)
Type the following:

    ```
      xcode-select --install
    ```

Select "Yes" to install Git and wait until it finishes.

## Option 2: Binary installer

Tim Harper provides an installer for Git.
You can download [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/git-osx-installer/).
After download, open the *.dmg file and double click the *.pkg file
and follow the instructions.

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we tell the MoJ staff to use the git client in Self Serve?

Author: Not that I am aware of. Should I include here an indication to use git clients? Or any particular git client we should recommend?

Reviewer: There is only Github desktop in the self service

Author: Done!
